hooks/README.md, before:

This folder contains scripts that help with the development and release of
QCalc.

TODO Update scripts with leading '_' and remove the underscore.
TODO Update this doc:

The [pre-commit script](pre-commit) prevents commits if there are errors in the
Python source or there are filenames with non-ASCII characters.  It also adds
an "UNRELEASED" markdown file in the base folder if there is no version marked
in [natu/__init__.py](../natu/__init__.py).

Other scripts ([code.sh](code.sh), [doc.sh](doc.sh), and
[diff-matplotlibrc.sh](diff-matplotlibrc.sh)) are linked to [git] via aliases.

#### Installation

Copy [pre-commit](pre-commit) and [post-checkout](post-checkout) to
*.git/hooks/*.

Add to *.git/config*:

    [alias]
        pylint = !bash `git rev-parse --show-toplevel`/hooks/pylint.sh
        doc = !bash `git rev-parse --show-toplevel`/hooks/doc.sh
        code = !bash `git rev-parse --show-toplevel`/hooks/code.sh
        count = !bash `git rev-parse --show-toplevel`/hooks/count.sh

#### Usage

##### For source code:

To clean/remove the built code (alias for `setup.py clean --all`):

    git code clean

To build/make a distributable copy and run tests:

    git code build

To release/upload a version to [PyPI]\:

    git code release

##### For documentation:

To clean/remove the built documentation:

    git doc clean

To build/make the HTML documentation, with an option to rebuild the static
images and spellcheck the pages:

    git doc build

To release/publish the documentation to the [GitHub webpage]\:

    git doc release

##### Other:

To count the number of models, functions,  etc.:

    git count

To run [pylint](http://www.pylint.org/) on all of the source files:

    git pylint

#### Development workflow

All releases and updates are on the `master` branch.  During the build process,
(`git code build`), releases are tagged  as "v*major*.*minor*.*micro*", where
*major*, *minor*, and *micro* are the integer parts of the version number.  The
unreleased updates have an "UNRELEASED.md" file in the base folder with the
commit date/time and the author.

The version number is recorded in [natu/__init__.py](../natu/__init__.py).  It
is *None* for unreleased copies.  When the documentation is built
(`git doc build`), the download link and text is updated with information from
the last tag, which corresponds to the last release.


[git]: http://git-scm.com/
[GitHub webpage]: kdavies4.github.io/natu/
[PyPI]: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/natu

Commit message:

pre-commit hook deletes sim files if created w/i repo

hooks/README.md, after:

This folder contains scripts that help with the development and release of
QCalc.

TODO Update scripts with leading '_' and remove the underscore.
TODO Update this doc:

The [pre-commit script](pre-commit) prevents commits if there are errors in the
Python source or there are filenames with non-ASCII characters.  It also adds
an "UNRELEASED" markdown file in the base folder if there is no version marked
in [QCalc/package.mo](../QCalc/package.mo).

Other scripts ([code.sh](code.sh), [doc.sh](doc.sh), and
[diff-matplotlibrc.sh](diff-matplotlibrc.sh)) are linked to [git] via aliases.

#### Installation

Copy [pre-commit](pre-commit) and [post-checkout](post-checkout) to
*.git/hooks/*.

Add to *.git/config*:

    [alias]
        pylint = !bash `git rev-parse --show-toplevel`/hooks/pylint.sh
        doc = !bash `git rev-parse --show-toplevel`/hooks/doc.sh
        code = !bash `git rev-parse --show-toplevel`/hooks/code.sh
        count = !bash `git rev-parse --show-toplevel`/hooks/count.sh

#### Usage

##### For source code:

To release/upload a version:

    git release

##### For documentation:

To build/make the HTML documentation, with an option to rebuild the static
images and spellcheck the pages:

    git doc build

To release/publish the documentation to the [GitHub webpage]\:

    git doc release

##### Other:

To count the number of models, functions,  etc.:

    git count

#### Development workflow

All releases and updates are on the `master` branch.  During the build process,
(`git code build`), releases are tagged  as "v*major*.*minor*.*micro*", where
*major*, *minor*, and *micro* are the integer parts of the version number.  The
unreleased updates have an "UNRELEASED.md" file in the base folder with the
commit date/time and the author.

The version number is recorded in [QCalc/package.mo](../QCalc/package.mo).  It
is *None* for unreleased copies.  When the documentation is built
(`git doc build`), the download link and text is updated with information from
the last tag, which corresponds to the last release.


[git]: http://git-scm.com/
[GitHub webpage]: kdavies4.github.io/QCalc/
